Oh, really? Well, I remember you as a whiny little piece of shit, Morty. Yeah! I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb little ass and about six of them are pleasant. The rest is annoying garbage. So why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger? Do it! Do it, motherfucker! Pull the fucking trigger! We've got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. Wubba-lubba-dub-dub! Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, biatch! And that's the waaaaay the news goes! Hit the sack, Jack! Uh-oh, somersault jump! AIDS! And that's why I always say, "shum-shum-schlippety-dop! " Grassssss... tastes bad! No jumpin' in the sewer! Burger time! Rubber baby bubby bunkers! Lick, lick, lick my balls! Ha ha ha, yeah! Say that all the time! Get off the high road Summer. We all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet. [crying] You're right. Kill Pencilvester. [shoots Mr. Beauregard in the face] I guess Iiii did the butler! Hahaaa! Does that, does that scan? Thanks Ghost in a Jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. We've got to keep an eye out for any zany wacky characters that pop up. Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you. Trust me Beth, you don't want to know how many answers that question has. Well, I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry, but life is made of little concessions. You guys, we gotta hurry! I just got back from Wal-Mart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for one forty-nine ninety nine on sale! Plus, every time you buy one you get a fifty dollar gift card, brings the total price down to a hundred and ten dollars after tax! Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for two hundred and thirty bucks a piece easy! They're all limited edition Zelda ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play... Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff! You guys, we gotta hurry! I just got back from Wal-Mart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for one forty-nine ninety nine on sale. Plus, every time you buy one you get a fifty dollar gift card, brings the total price down to a hundred and ten dollars after tax. Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for two hundred and thirty bucks a piece easy! They're all limited edition Zelda ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play... Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff. Quantum carburetor? Jesus Morty, you can't just add a sci-fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Looks like something's wrong with the micro-verse battery. Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. It really gets their dicks hard We did it Morty! Now, lets get out of here and destroy this whole universe! Morty, there's nothing dishonest about what we're doing. Now slap on this antenna, these people need to think we're aliens Morty, you gotta flip 'em off. I told them it means 'peace among worlds. ' How hilarious is that! They named a holiday after me. Ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school! [interrupting Beth] Whatever you are asking, the answer is I'm amazing. Can somebody just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't. Man that guy is the Redgrin Grumbholt of pretending he knows what's going on. Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty! That's the difference between you and me: I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't. And we've got about four hours to be "is. " We "isn't. " Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time. Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And away we go! Huh. What do you now, it's working. Oh, shit! What the hell is wrong with you two! I-I mean you four! Good! I'm glad it was painful, you deserve it! I saw you! Y-you're both all over the damn place! We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum fucking wind? Stupid-ass, fart-saving, carpet-store motherfucker. Yeah, sure, I mean, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad, Morty. What? Oh, good job, Morty. Y-you-you killed my best customer, but you saved a mind-reading fart. Oh, yeah? Where's that? Are you goin' on a quest to find "he who smelt it? " Whatever you say you little punk ass little bitch. The first rule of space travel kids is always check out distress beacons. Nine out of ten times it's a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit! One out of ten times it's a deadly trap, but... I'm ready to roll those dice! Don't waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the center of their lives because you're powerful. And then, because they put you there, they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right? Unity! Unity! Unity! I wanna talk to - urp! - Unity, Beta-7! I know it's in there. I know your game, Beta-7! I've met a billion of you, you little on-deck, in the wing, shoulder to cry on! Oh, you're just lovin' this, motherf-! This isn't gonna shake out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hive-minds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm gonna be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here! Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems! We are, Morty! Alright, Beta-Shit-7! You just got saved by the bell, bitch! I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe? Unity! Unity! Unity! I wanna talk to - urp! - Unity, Beta-7! I know it's in there. I know your game, Beta-7! I've met a billion of you, you little on-deck, in the wings, shoulder to cry on! Oh, you're just lovin' this, motherf-! This isn't gonna shake out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hive-minds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm gonna be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here! Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems! We are, Morty! Alright, Beta-Shit-7! You just got saved by the bell, bitch! Aw, geez. Looks like Goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister. Allah euuh... Akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math! If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty. It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside Snuffles' dream. It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like Inception, Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie. No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth. I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior Jerry. If I were you I wouldn't pull that thread. That's why you party? Boy, you really are seventeen. TO GET R*ugghhb*IGGITY RIGGITY WRECKED SOONN Glipglup? You're luck a Trafleforcian doesn't hear you say that. It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. When's the last time you go laid, 'pers? I have a new catch phrase I love my grandkids Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase is "I don't give a f**k" When's the last time you got laid, 'pers? [opens cupboard] "I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me. " [rummages freezer and fridge] Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. I'm not sure you wanna take romantic advice from this guy, Morty. His marriage is hanging from a thread. Jerry, it's your house. Whatever you say it is how it is, but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed. Listen Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people calls "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science. Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. Lot of people don't get that. We're gonna be fine, Morty, relax. I whipped up an antidote. It's based on praying mantis DNA. You know, praying mantis's are the exact opposite of voles, Morty. They mate once and then, you know, they decapitate the partner, it's, it's a whole ritual, it's totally gruesome and totally opposite... there's no love at all... I basically mixed this with a more contagious flu virus, it should neutralize the whole thing, Morty. It'll all be over very shortly. "By the way, I know you didn't ask or anything, but I'm not interested in having sex with you. These serums don't work on anyone related to you genetically. Okay, well, sometimes science is more art than science Morty. A lot of people don't realize that. What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is don't think about it. This serum should counteract the negative effects. Cute. Your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded. Uh Morty, I'm not disparaging the differently abled. I'm stating the fact that if I had used this microscope it would have made me mentally retarded. Well that's retarded. You pass butter. Yeah, welcome to the club, pal. You pass butter. Yeah, welcome to the club, pal. You shot 20ccs of liquid dream killer into my daughter. Cosmic apotheosis wears off faster than salvia. What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? Y-you realize that nighttime makes up half of all time? I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come. But I needed those seeds real bad and I had to give 'em up just to get your parents off my back. So now we're gonna have to go get more. And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty. And you're gonna keep your mouth shut about 'em, Morty. Because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important. And they'll tear us apart, Morty. But if you stick with me, I'm gonna accomplish great things, Morty. And you're gonna be a part of 'em. And together we're gonna run around, Morty, we're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty. The outside world is our enemy, Morty. We're the only friends we've got, Morty. It's just Rick and Morty. Rrrick and Morty and their adventures, Morty. Rick and Morty, forever and forever, a hundred years Rick and Morty, s... things. Me and Rick and Morty runnin' around and Rick and Morty time. Aaall day long forever. All, a hundred days Rick and Morty forever a hundred times. Over and over Rick and Morty adventures dot com W W W dot Rick and Morty dot com W W W Rick and Morty adventures all hundred years. Every minute Rick and Morty dot com W W W hundred times Rick and Morty dot com. They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots! It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. The Machine of Unspeakable Doom will swap your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you've known becomes impossible to grasp. Also, every 10 seconds it stabs your balls. Earth Rick C-1-37, the council of ricks sentences you to The Machine of Unspeakable Doom. Which will swap your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you've known becomes impossible to grasp. Also, every 10 seconds it stabs your balls. Don't break an arm jerking yourself off, Morty. Great, now I have to take over a whole planet because of your stupid boobs. Well obviously Summer it appears the lower tier of this society is being manipulated through sex and advanced technology by a hidden ruling class. Sound familiar? Oh, there we go Summer. Interesting fun fact: uh, Moynihan and Piece of Toast hate each other. Apparently they've got some real creative differences, [after watching a new TV series] Pretty cool, huh Morty? Oh... I don't give a fuck what you think, Jerry! Why don't you ask the smartest people in the Universe, Jerry? Oh, yeah. you can't. They blew up. Oh, great adventure, buddy. Rick and Morty go to a giant prison. You know if someone drops the soap it's going to land on our heads and crush our spines, Morty. You know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that. Hey, Summer, it's Grandpa. I need you to do me a favor. Morty and I are on a planet that's purging. I need you to take down... We're on a planet that's purging, Summer. Purging. We lost our car and my gun and we're in a purge. Yes, I-I need you to take... [exasperated] Oh my god! Hold on. Get Schwifty Hey Jerry, don't worry about it. So what if the most meaningful day in your life was a simulation operating at minimum compl- -exity? Huh. Maybe you're right, Jerry... maybe you're right. Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah, you can't. They blew up. Morty! You gotta come on. Jus'... You gotta come with me. I got a surprise for you, Morty. *spills booze on Morty's bed* Come on, I got a surprise for you. *drags Morty by the ankle* Come on,We gotta go, gotta getWhat do you think ofMorty. I had to... I had to do it. I had- I had to- I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb. We're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, Morty. Come on, Morty. Just take it easy, Morty. It's gonna be good. RightWhen I drop the bomb you know, I want you to have somebody, you know? And Jessica's gonna be Eve. And so that's the surprise, Morty. I-I get what you're trying to say, Morty. Listen, I'm not... *spills beer down his shirt* You don't got… Y-You don’t gotta worry about me trying to fool around with Jessica or mess around with Jessica or anything. I'm not that kind of guy, Morty. You- you don't have toYou know what, Morty? You're right. *throws empty bottle into the backseat* Let's forget the girl all together. She, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways. *presses a button*Get off of me, Morty! (at the same time) Come on! What’s gotten into you? If you love Earth so much why don’t you marry it? *pushes Morty off of him* What are you, crazy? Alright, Alright, Morty! Alright. I'll- I'll land. I'll land. I'll land. I'll land the thing. I’llWe'll park it right here, Morty. Right here on the side of the ree… roadYou know what? That was all a test, Morty. Just an elaborate test toSure. Why not? I don’t, I don't know. Y-you know what, Mo-What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? YouMm, there is no God, Summer. You gotta rip that band-aid off now. Listen, Jerry. I-I-I don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. This was a good breakfast, Beth. You really made the crap out of thoseThere you are, Morty. Listen to me. I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. I need an extra pair of hands. It's pretty obvious, Morty. I froze him. Now listen I need your help, Morty. I mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. (Belch) It's important. Come on, Morty. Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, Morty? What do you think I can just do it all by myself? Come on! I'll do it later, Morty. He'll be fine. Let's go. There she is. All right. Come on, Morty. Let's go. It's Dimension 35-C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, Morty, called a mega tree, and there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. I'm talking about mega seeds. They're they're incredibly powerful, and I need them to help me with my research, Morty. All right, all right, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're looking around, and it's all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people. I'm no stranger to scary situations. I deal with them all the time. Now, if you just stick with me, Morty, we're gonna be-I never seen that thing before in my life. I don't even know what the hell it is! We got to get out of here, Morty! It's gonna kill us! We're gonna die! We're gonna die, Morty! Oh, Morty, take a deep breath. Breathe that breathe that fresh air in, Morty. Y-you smell that? That's the smell of adventure, Morty. That's that's the smell of of of of a whole different evolutionary timeline. Are you joking me? I mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. Look at that thing right there. It defies all logic, that thing. Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. Morty, you see this? You see what we just stumbled upon, Morty? Any idea what that is down there? That's right, Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what I'm talking about, Morty. That's where my seeds are. If we would have done what you wanted, I would have never have found them, because you're so in love with school. You ask a lot of questions, Morty. Not very charismatic. It makes you kind of an (Belch) Under (Belch) underfoot figure. Just take these shoes, Morty. They're (Belch) special grappling shoes. When you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, Morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. These things really bring it all together. You have to turn them on, Morty! The shoes have to be turned on! Morty, oh, you really d-did a number on (Offscreen) your legs right now. You know, you got to turn (Onscreen) the shoes on, Morty, for them to work. Yeah, look I turned mine on. I had no problem getting down here. It was a leisurely breeze. Yeah, I can see that. But do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, Morty? Okay, hold on just a second, Morty. Don't worry about it, Morty. Just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy? Morty: Sure thing, Rick. Not that you asked, Morty, but what just happened there is I went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore. (Offscreen) The stuff was all over the place, Morty. There's just one problem, Morty one little hang-up. The dimension I visited was so advanced, that (Belch) they had also halted the aging process, and everyone there was young, Morty, and they had been forever. I was the only old person there, Morty. (Belch) It was like I was some sort of, you know, celebrity, walking around. I-I was fascinating to them. There were a lot of attractive women there, Morty, and they they they they all wanted time with me. I had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies, but I spent so much time there, my interdimensional portal device it's got no charge left, Morty. It's got no charge left. It's as good as garbage, Morty. It's not gonna work anymore, Morty. There's ways to get back home, Morty. It's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. We're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you're gonna have to do me a real solid. When we get to customs, I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, Morty. Put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit. Well, somebody's got to do it, Morty. Th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, MortyAnd they'll fall right out of mine. I've done this too many times, Morty. I mean, you're young. Y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. You got to do it for grandpa, Morty. Y(Belch)-you've got to put these seeds inside your butt. Come on, Morty. Please, Morty. You have to do it, Morty. I don't like it here, Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt? That means they're good ones. You're a good kid, Morty. Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. You've been a huge help to me. I'm gonna be able to do a-(Belch)-all kind of things with them. It's gonna be great, Morty. A-(Belch)-all kinds of science. Why does he have to go over there? What new (Belch) what new machine? Run, Morty! Run! Don't think about it! Ooh! Oh, nice, Morty! The student becomes the teacher. I need to type in the coordinates to our home world, Morty. Cover me. They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots! It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty. You have no idea what prison is like here! Come on, Morty! We got to get the hell out of here! You can get his number later. Come on, Morty. We got to get out of here. You got to get those seeds out of your ass. Oh, hi, Jerry. (Poorly acting) Oh, my goodness, Morty! What are you doing out of class? We talked about this. Your your parents and I are very disappointed in in this behavior ... No? No takers? You guys should really not be touching that stuff. It's beyond your reasoning. Takes one to know one. What what are you guys doing with my stuff? A nursing home? What are what are you, nuts? I'm a genius. I build robots for fun. What are you trying to say about Morty? That he's stupid or something? I-I-I don't know what you mean by that. Can can can you be a little bit more specific? Morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi. The square root of pi, Morty. Go! Morty, tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics. I told the both of you school is stupid. It's not how you learn things. Morty's a gifted child. He has a special mind. That's why he's my little helper. He's like me. He's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. He's too smart for school. He needs to keep hanging out and helping me. Okay, Jerry. You drive a hard bargain, but what am I supposed to do? Say no? You you really wear the pants around here. I just want you to know, between us, from now on, it's gonna be clear communication. No idea what you're talking about. Full disclosure, Morty it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity. Yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, Morty. I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come and I needed those seeds real bad, and I had to give them up just to get your parents off my back, so now we're gonna have to go get moreMorty, come on. I need your help tonight. I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry. If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread. Come on, Morty. Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry. All right, Ruffles What's his name? Snuffles, shake. Roll over. Go to the bathroom. Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty. Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one. It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about. That's right, Morty. This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may-(Belch)-be make sense. You don't have to try to impress me, Morty. Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr. Goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math, Morty. That way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, Morty, all the time. Are you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it. Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. W-we're gonna incept your teacher. You're frustrating me. Uh-oh! Spoilers! I'm a full season behind. It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty. All right, Morty, time to make our move. Allahu (Belch) akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math! Hey! I said nobody move, buddy! Take cover, Morty! Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated. I mean, the guy teaches high-school math. (Belch) I didn't take him for an active dreamer. We've got to take him out so he wakes up, Morty but we can't get killed. If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty. Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty. Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine! Goldenfold, we're coming out! We just want to talk! Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. And because I have a human shield. Oh, no, Morty. His subconscious is panicking. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Relax, Morty. Look! Mrs. Pancakes has a parachute. Come on! Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. That's it, Morty! Prolonging the inevitable! Listen, if we go into Mrs. Pancakes' dream, everything will go 100 times slower, Morty. That'll buy us some time to figure this out! All right, let's go. Don't judge, Morty. Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. Listen to me. If we're gonna incept Mrs. Pancakes, we have to blend. I'll talk to you after lunch. Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's the matter with you, Morty? Calm down! You're kind of killing the vibe in here. Time to go another dream deep, Morty! Geez, I don't know, Morty. Wha-what do you want from me? Oh, here we go! Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives. Holy crap! We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty! The little girl! Are you kidding me? This again? Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty. Holy crap, Morty. He can travel through dreams. He can travel through dreams! We're so screwed! What are we here for again? Incepting? We're trying to incept-Oh, yeah. Hold on, Morty. Y-you know what? He keeps saying we can run but we can hide. I say we try hiding. Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything? Worst-case scenario we're back to running. Thanks, Morty. Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while. Oh, this is perfect, Morty. Look at that. He's getting sleepy. Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. That's when we make our move. Morty, this is perfect. After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him. Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare. Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants? You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry. You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is. You're our boy, dawg. Don't even trip. As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with. Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty? Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Beth, and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, Morty. Psst, Beth, Jerry, Summer. If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over. It's all over, Jerry. Ooh, great plan, Jerry. No, no, no, I was just playing dead. Good news, though, Morty. This whole thing's gonna be over really soon. It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream. It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like "Inception," Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie. No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth. Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here, here take these, Morty. Take these. Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down. It's necessary for the plan, Morty. Don't even trip, dawg. I think it will be great, Morty. You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. I mean, I'd watch it, Morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop. You know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven. What do you know, Morty? What do you know? Oooh! This is how you dream, bitch. (Terry and Rick are getting stoned)Whatever. Well, scientifically, traditions are an idiot thing. Pass the butter. Thank you. I’m busy. Uh, anything else? You pass butter. Yeah, welcome to the club, pal. Since when did you have a job? Wee-ow, can’t wait to meet this fascinating character. (inspecting objects) Huh. Eh, I make my own stuff. So what are you, like, the devil? I dunno, store comes out of nowhere, all the shit’s old and creepy; are you the devil? A demon? Leprechaun? Hey, I’m not judging. I just like to shoot straight. I’m a man of science. Hahahahaha. Hey, Morty, lemme ask you a question real quick. Does evil exist, and if so, can one detect and measure it? Rhetorical question Morty. The answer is yes, you just have to be a genius. Your sister’s boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded. Uh, Morty, I’m not disparaging the differently abled. I’m stating the fact that if I had used this microscope, it would have made me mentally retarded. Well that’s retarded. Apparently nothing. It’s not. Whoa. Stay scientific, Jerry. This serum should counteract the negative effects. [giving back microscope] Here. You can have this back. Sure I did. To develop this. It detects and catalogues all your Twilight Zone Ray Bradbury Friday the 13th of series voodoo crap magic. I thought you might want it so you didn’t accidentally sell anybody, say, [scans] a typewriter that generates best-selling murder mysteries, then makes the murders happen in real life? Oooh. Don’t you want to make sure people know what they’re getting? You’re not intentionally selling [scans] beauty cream that makes ugly ladies pretty but also makes them blind? Oh, I say, good sir! Oh, harrumph, oh, oh, bobba-doppa-doopa-bo-bo. [scans animal fur scarf being tried on by customer] That’s beautiful, you know it’s going to be wearing you in three hours? Here, you can use my phone. Don’t worry, it won’t make you deaf because I’m not a hack. Think you’re so great? You work for the devil! Whoops. Looks like we’ve got… haunted boxing gloves that will make you the heavyweight champion, in 1936 and then you’ll be trapped there winning the same fight for eternity. I can take out the eternity, and the padding, and then you’ll have some time travelling mittens. Oh, look, it’s Rosemary’s baby! How’s business? Sounds like code for ‘You win, Rick! ’Nope, it was important to your dumb devil friend. To me this was all just a bit like when Bugs Bunny fucks with the opera singer for twenty minutes. Seriously? Holy crap. Holy crap. Uh huh, yeah, I don’t care. So? I always do. Yeah, it is good. It’s the best. Later! Yeah, uh, gimmie a sec. Alright, yeah, uh, put ‘em on my… eh. I just got bored. Everybody out. [looks into Morty’s room] Hey Morty, you wanna go on a- oh. [goes into kitchen] Hey Beth? Hello? [Goes into living room] Hey Jerry, you in here being stupid? [sighs]Thanks. Hey, y’know, I was thinking I might watch a movie…Suit yourself. Hey! [clears throat] Hey. What’s going on? Whatever. How’s your pretend grandpa doing AKA the devil? Oof, sorry. Hm, not sure. No, that’s dumb. I’ll tell you what though, if it’s satisfaction you’re after, I think I might have an idea. [whispers]Stupid mother-Stupid motherfucker! How do you like that! Augh! How do you like that? We did it! Was totally worth it! We did it, hahaha! We just pulled it off! Hahaha! Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday. It is. Oh, there's no need to do that, Beth. Regular pancakes are fine. Oh, I get it. Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers. [takes bite] Mmm, I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me. That’ll keep ‘em [belches] busy for a while. ‘Course not, Morty! How could that profit me? Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names. By finding the real Rick killer. Not really my style, Morty. Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now. The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry. They won’t be able to help themselves. But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us. Yeah, more phonesticks please. Yeah, it’s gotta be that way. You’re a camouflage. Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh, [clears throat] Morty waves. Oh, shit dog! My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let’s go! Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty? Man, this place is wayyy off the grid. This guy does not wanna be found. Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is. Not people, Morty. Mortys. Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain. That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, motherfucker. I fiddled with a [belches] concept like this once. On paper, Morty, on paper! I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill. I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable. [pauses as Morty glares at him] Which I also wouldn’t do! I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship. Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty. Now for the love of god, be quiet! The point of this is to get the drop on the guy! Yeah, that’s right! You are! You’re a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour, Morty! Because you’re as dumb as I am smart! Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice. Great, nice work, Morty. Urrgh. The slow clap? Really? Kinda played out, dude. Well lah-dee-dah. [slow claps]I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty. We gotta escape. Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty. Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here. Zing! That guy got it. Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons. Zip! This guy is on it! Awww. Yeah, duh! I get it. So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right? Is that where you’re going with this? ‘Cause that’s where I’d be going. No, I’m just allergic to dipshits. Morty! Get me out of this! Come on! Point taken, but this is [belches] no time for arcs. Uh, guys? Not a good time. Come on, Morty, let’s hit it. Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off. Hey Morty, you want connection? Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks. You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is. And you know, it would [belch] go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty. Yeah, it would. Did you hear me say it? Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown. A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems. Could be a real bad thing for everybody. I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older. Wubbalubbadubdub! Oh. Hey Jerry. Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy? Alright. Okay, get out. What’s that dipshit doing out there? Are you friends with him? You know he eats his own shit, right? Oh my god, this is rich! I’ve got like [belches] ten Ricks to call right now! Yeah MortyIt's my favourite songOh yeah, distress beacon! [belches] Yeah baby! The first rule of space travel kids, is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit! One out of ten times its a deadly trap, but I'm ready to roll those dice! Yeah. Cha-ching. Oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship. This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks. I hear you man, cops are racist. Oh, hey! You're alive! Thank God. And how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you? Those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing. Called it. Unity! ? Oh boy. Uh, these are my grandkids, Summer and Morty. Summer, Morty, this is uh, Unity. We sort of used to, uh, date. Quite an operation you got going here Une. You're a whole planet now huh? Summer, rude. Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up. World peace achieved. Nice! A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So what’s next? Oh, goody. [burps] I like that. Oh, that’s pretty sexy. Hey listen, where can I get a drink around here? Unity, Unity, who am I talking to? I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker. Hey, listen, I’ve grown too. I have! See, I’ve- I’ve reconnected with my family, right? Maybe it’s part of getting old. Maybe I just miss being with… a collective. Oh yeah! Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider. And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father! Oh yeah! I want youuuuuu! Oh my god. Oh my god. [Drinks water]What’s this ‘was’ stuff? I just need to hydrate and then we’re doing that again! Listen, if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out, but I’ll- I’ll be back to have sex with the survivors. All bad I hope. [laughing]Whoa, Jesus Christ! Oh snap! Powdered neutronium? Amphetetron? You know what I can make with this stuff? Come on, it’s not every day that I’m in town! It- it’s for old time’s sake. Oh, I was thinking velocitinis, but…I can do whatever you do and more, baby. You know, I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical. You got that right. But… baby, listen. Y-you’re talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta… you gotta just… remember to let go sometimes, you know. Whoa! Whoa! That’s not what I meant! [laughing] Oh, that was awesome! My grandkids weren’t in that town, right? A-are my grandkids alive? … H-hey, my drink is empty. What the hell… is your problem? Fine, geez! See ya! Tend your garden, kids, I’m kinda doing a thing here. Oh my god [belches] you guys I get it. You’re afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal  your grandpa away. What? Oh, gee, boy Summer, well put. Uh, why don’t we see what Unity thinks. Unity? Oh, hey, wh-what’s this on the news, guys? L-l-let me turn it up. I think you two are a little outnumbered. What? Dumb. Bye. Summer’s just a hyper-emotional, needy little- what’s the word I’m looking for here… uh- human! It runs in the family! I can tolerate it but I can’t give a crap about it. Take a hike. I’m not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe? Aaah! [coughs] Okay, okay, now make him cry. But happy cry. Now make ‘em all make fun of the blonde one. Now make ‘em all do it on the table! I can’t believe you created a whole show for me. Now cancel it! Okay, now put it back on. Haha! [pauses] Alright, I’m bored. Pfft, screw those guys! Uugh, I’ll be right back. Don’t waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They’re no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the centre of their lives because you’re powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right? Never! Back in a flash. Best weekend ever, Rick! I agree, Rick! Let’s see how long we can go! Hey Une! You got any more-Hey. Okay. No. It’s your house. Who? Oh. Unity. Yeah, well, I mean honestly we’re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. It’s not cool. Fun’s fun but who needs it? I’ll be in the garage. Unity! Unity! Unity! I wanna talk to [belches] Unity. Beta-7, I know it’s in there! I know your game, Beta-7, I’ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on! Well, you’re just loving this, mother f- this isn’t gonna shape out like you think, pal! Unity’s not into other hiveminds! It’s gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I’m going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here! Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems. We are, Morty. Alright, Beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch! Anyway, that's how I escaped from space prison! Oh, scary place. Oh, come on. Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at Shoney's? Emotionally speaking, honey, Shoney's is my home. Jerry, get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times. Six folds, huh? W-W-What, have you guys got me in a Series 9000? You cheap insect [bleep] didn't think I was worth your best equipment? Well, you might as well order some pancakes, because I don't see the need to leave this part of my brain. Shoney's. Relaxed enough? [ Chuckles ][ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] Oh, any particular ones? You want to see my first boner, or should we go straight to the moment I discovered interdimensional travel? Yeah, well, tough titties. Well, that depends on who breaks first -- me or the titty. The day I invented the portal gun is the day I lost her. [ Sighs ] Fine, but I'm driving. To the day it all began and ended. The moment that changed everything. Yeah, I'd like to get a 10-piece McNugget and a bunch of the Szechuan sauce. Like, as much as you're allowed to give me. In 1998, they had this promotion for the Disney film "Mulan," where they -- where they -- they created a new sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan sauce, and it's delicious! And then they got rid of it, and now it's gone. This is the only place we're gonna be able to try it, is in my memory. Okay. All right, all right. Me. I used to wear blue pants. I didn't. I did. Yeah. That's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost. Nope, they cannot. Because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula, it was a virus giving me full control over the brainalyzer. True, but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story. Mission accomplished, boys. Pull me out. Okay, have fun in what's left of my brain. I'm gonna transfer to yours. Oh, there's not enough room for all my genius, so I'm leaving you with my fear of wicker furniture, my desire to play the trumpet, my tentative plans to purchase a hat, and six years of improv workshops. Comedy comes in threes. Duh! Morty, take this. You're gonna need it later. What -- What's this supposed to accomplish? We have infinite grandkids. You're trying to use Disney bucks at a Caesar's Palace here. I came to kill you, bro. That's not even my original Summer. 20 yards, nine-gauge plasma pistol, My first shot would liquify her insides and injure you, second shot adds recoil. The risk to me is minimized if I wait for you to shoot her, which I'm encouraging you to do. Or let her go, which I will reward with a quicker death. Because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot, which will be your least painful death. But if you want to die slower than that, I'm super into it. All you got to do to get that started is kill the girl. Not an issue, sweetie. Morty, I know you're too stupid to get this, but you're really [bleep] this up right now. I wasn't gonna let her die, you [bleep] moron! The point is he thought I was going to. You're a serious [bleep] idiot, Morty! You basically killed us all! You're the worst! You're as dumb as a bag of sand. Good job, Morty. Let's go, kids. Oldest Rick trick in the book. Not until I finish what I started. And that is how you get level-nine access without a password. Employee of the month, ladies and gentlemen. Destroying the [burps] galactic government. Good pitches, kids. I'm almost proud. But watch closely as Grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero. Guess who dismantled the government? I never will, baby. Jerry, is there any light beer left? It's insane what you miss in prison. No, you're right. Where's the vodka? Seems like you guys need some privacy. I'll, uh -- I'll be in the garage. What the [bleep] Not cool, Jerry! A man's garage is his castle. Oh, I-I'm sorry to hear that, sweetie. I hope I had nothing to do with that. For everybody. Not so fast, Morty. You heard your mom. We've got adventures to go on, Morty -- just you and me -- and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom, but never your dad. You want to know why, Morty? Because he crossed me. Oh, it gets darker, Morty. Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. First thing that's different -- no more Dad, Morty. He threatened to turn me into the government, so I made him and the government go away. I've rep[burps]laced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe. Your mom wouldn't have accepted me if I came home - - without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you. Oh! I just took over the family, Morty, and if you tell your mom -- or sister I said any of this, I'll deny it -- and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty. And now you're gonna have to go -- and do whatever I say, Morty, forever! And I'll -- I'll go out and I'll find some more of that "Mulan" Szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, Morty. -- Because that's -- that's what this is all about, Morty. That's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty! That was fake. I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce. I want that "Mulan" McNugget sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty. If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce, Szechuan sauce, Morty. That's what's gonna take us all the way to the end, Morty. Season -- Nine more seasons, Morty. Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce. For 97 more years, Morty! I want that McNugget sauce, Morty! Listen to your sister, Morty. To live is to risk it all. Otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you. Oh, I'm sorry, Jerry, I didn't see you there. H-How much of that did you hear? Cool. Just stay in the driveway. The killbots are live, and I took you off the whitelist. Absolutely, Morty. A-And your mom's lawyer says if I can get enough in the settlement, he can help me sue for full custody. I did not, but if you're really that alienated, I'm as willing to exploit it as the next guy, church, army, or Olympic gymnastics trainer. Bitch, I was ready yest--Morty, shoot the mohawk guy! High fade, chartreuse with cyan highlights, layered on top. Shoot him! Fuck! Get in the game, Morty! Holy shit, Summer for the win! Here we go. Isotope 322. Ugh. You have infinite sisters, Morty. I mean, n-not that I want to spend the rest of my day looking for another one. Sum-sum, let's go! Grandpa's concern for your safety is fleeting! Whoa. That was cool. Okay, getting darker. Aw, come on. Hands and little shoulder-mounted dudes where I can see them! Wh-Wh-What in the hell are you saying? All right, let's get sloppy. Oh, whoa. Uh, uh, what's, uh-What's that little bauble you got back there? Kids, weird pitch: let's have this be our new life. Let's be post-apocalyptic scavengers! Sounds good. Stay hydrated. Oh, get off your high horse, Professor Ski Lodge. This world may be rough around the edges, but it's got its charms. Uh... [clears throat] bicep. No. Okay, I'll level with you. You see that green rock, Morty? It's about 20 pounds of the stuff I was getting all hard for a flake of. Well, having a 20-pound boulder of it is better than having a flake. I can explain the math to you later, but--Huh, could be therapeutic for her. She has been acting pretty crazy lately, Morty. I mean, her parents are going through a divorce. No, no, no. Morty, there's too much heat on the bogey. I need you to distract the camp. Right idea, wrong genre, Morty. The equivalent here would be... Save it for the Semantics Dome, E. B. White. The important question is, who wants to take a poke at my man Spine Eater here? Morty, relax. You're gonna be a ringer. Come here. Ugh! Hey! Okay, this is exciting. We're making some discoveries about muscle memory. Just stick and moo-[burps]-oove, Morty! Wear him out! All right. Good job, champ. Um, can I talk to you kids for a second over yonder? Oh, big guy, no. Nobody's leaving. Don't be stupid. We love being united. We love the radiation, the trichinosis. We're in it for life, which I assume is around 20 years, average. I just need a quick aside with my grandkids, about 40 yards from anyone else. Uh, I know why don't we all split up and look for it in groups of three? Kids? Kiss my ass, Summer! Your friends have no mercy! Listen to me! Both of you kids need to get out of this environment so we can properly deal with your parents' divorce! Alternatively, I have a freaking portal gun, and I can leave the two of you here forever! All right, you know what? Fuck it! Nope, regular blood. Hi, sweetie. Oh, th-they aren't with you? I thought they were with you. Oh, y-you know what? Uh, I just remembered. They're out doing something completely ordinary and kid-related. Don't panic. Not a mistake, no! Summer, state your deal. Morty? All right. Ah ha ha ha, yeah. Dial it back, Summer. By 15% and increase dynamic movement by 3. Am I right? Oh, sweetie, d-don't. Listen. Don't -- Well, try crying 15% less? You do? ! What the fuck is wrong with you two? The point of automation is to reduce cost and labor. Tell it to my bread in the morning. You just became my backup toaster. Sorry, sorry. I-I-I can wait for this to wrap up. Don't let me distract you. I want you and your sister to come home. You don't have to kick me while I'm down, Morty. Look, there's no replacing either of you without an amount of work that would ultimately defeat the purpose. I don't know if that applies to the throats of murder victims, Morty. Well, the longer you wait, Morty, the more it's gonna feel like committing a whole murder. I think your arm just called it too early because it wasn't the arm of a paramedic. Here. The reason I wanted this is because it can do this. You don't have to ask me twice. Home is nuts right now. My daughter's going through a divorce, and I am not dealing with it in a healthy way at all. Ah, Summer's home. Uh, we should go to the garage. Come on, Morty. No union built on running from your problems lasts more than five years, seven tops. Grandpa just sped things up with a few creature comforts of modern society. Oh, no. Sum-sum, no. But you two were perfect for each other. Coolsies. Hey, yo. Sorry for acting so weird for three weeks. Ah, I'm sure it was nothing. I'm gonna go, uh, work in the garage. What, that dice game where you shake dice and yell out, "Downbeat"? No, thank you. Pickle (offscreen, in the distance) Morty. Pickle (offscreen, in the distance) Morty! Pickle (offscreen, in the distance) Hey, Mooorty! Pickle (offscreen, in the distance) Morty, the garage, Morty. Come to the garage! Pickle Morty? Pickle On my work bench, Morty. Pickle Flip the pickle over. Pickle Come on, flip the pickle, Morty. You're not gonna regret it. The payoff is huge. Pickle I turned myself into a pickle, Morty! Boom! Big reveal: I'm a pickle. What do you think about that? I turned myself into a pickle! W-what are you just staring at me for, bro. I turned myself into a pickle, Morty! Pickle "And"? What more do you want tacked on to this? I turned myself into a pickle, and 9/11 was an inside job? Pickle Who cares, Morty? Global acts of terrorism happen every day. Uh, here's something that's never happened before: I'm a pickle. I'm Pickle Rick! Pickle I don't do magic, Morty, I do science. One takes brains, the other takes dark eye liner. Pickle I wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could. Pickle Morty, stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed. I'm a pickle. Pickle The reason anyone would do this is, if they could, which they can't, would be because they could, which they can't. Pickle Right here, sweetie. I'm a pickle! Pickle Where are you guys going? Pickle Oh, my God. Beth, oh, it totally slipped my mind. Geez, oh, man. I'm a pickle. I mean, I don't know if I can, ooh, geez. Pickle It's okay, Beth. I understand Morty's suspicion. I've misled him before. Morty, turn me so we're making eye contact. Pickle Great question, Summer. The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself. And it could take hours or even days before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form. But, I mean, you know, your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket, you know, if she really needs me to go. Pickle Well, Morty, if you know must know, the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion, and, therefore, it does not warrant further explanation. Pickle W-w-what are you doing there, Beth? What are you doing there, sweetie? Beth: Well, I mean, you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation. How's that gonna help? Pickle Can't argue with that. Pickle Hey, hey, be careful with that. It's for something else. It's really important, so don't break it. Pickle Yes! Pickle Wow. Ugh. Pickle By the way, you might notice that in spite of your numerous distinctive features, I never gave you a name like Scar or Stripe or Goliath. That's because, to me, you aren't special. Pickle Hi, um, can you, uh (burps) please let me out. Pickle You should know those men killed themselves. Pickle They didn't (burps) let me out. Pickle Uh, is this not a good time or... ? Pickle That'd be a lucky break for you. Pickle ... because this pickle doesn't care about your children. And I'm not gonna take their dreams. I'm gonna take their parents. Pickle Oh, come on! Pickle You should know that isn't original. Pickle Yeah, there's lots I wouldn't do to see my daughter, but killing you gets me to her quicker than your derivative bullshit. Pickle That will be your downfall, Jaguar, not being open to new experiences. Pickle Jaguar couldn't make it. Pickle No, thanks. Pickle Take that money, give it to Jaguar's daughter when you set her free. Pickle Huh, so you're a liar. Pickle I don't think so. Pickle Well, my daughter is about five away, and I've got about eight to live. Pickle Oh, well, uh, she knows. Pickle Huh? Uh, no. Pickle Ugh. Pickle Mm-hmm. Pickle Yeah, thank you. Pickle Yes. Pickle Why didn't you want to come here? Because I don't respect therapy, because I'm a scientist. Pickle I, um I'm sorry I lied to get out of the thing. Pickle Oh, no, I mean, I know it was Morty peeing his pants and Summer snorting glue or whatever She huffed enamel, and we never even talked about it. Pickle I mean, that shrink, what a monologuist. Pickle Sweetie, could I get Get that syringe now? Pickle Eh. Absolutely. So what are you thinking, like, Smokey's Tavern? Maybe Shoney's? Yeah, either one. You'll never get away with this, Concerto. This is it, Morty. Jaguar! That, Morty, is why you don't go to therapy. Oh, really? Well, I remember you as a whiny little piece of shit, Morty. Yeah! I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb little ass and about six of them are pleasant. The rest is annoying garbage. So why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger? Do it! Do it, motherfucker! Pull the fucking trigger! We've got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. Wubba-lubba-dub-dub! Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, biatch! And that's the waaaaay the news goes! Hit the sack, Jack! Uh-oh, somersault jump! AIDS! And that's why I always say, "shum-shum-schlippety-dop! " Grassssss... tastes bad! No jumpin' in the sewer! Burger time! Rubber baby bubby bunkers! Lick, lick, lick my balls! Ha ha ha, yeah! Say that all the time! Get off the high road Summer. We all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet. [crying] You're right. Kill Pencilvester. [shoots Mr. Beauregard in the face] I guess Iiii did the butler! Hahaaa! Does that, does that scan? Thanks Ghost in a Jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. We've got to keep an eye out for any zany wacky characters that pop up. Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you. Trust me Beth, you don't want to know how many answers that question has. Well, I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry, but life is made of little concessions. You guys, we gotta hurry! I just got back from Wal-Mart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for one forty-nine ninety nine on sale! Plus, every time you buy one you get a fifty dollar gift card, brings the total price down to a hundred and ten dollars after tax! Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for two hundred and thirty bucks a piece easy! They're all limited edition Zelda ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play... Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff! You guys, we gotta hurry! I just got back from Wal-Mart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for one forty-nine ninety nine on sale. Plus, every time you buy one you get a fifty dollar gift card, brings the total price down to a hundred and ten dollars after tax. Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for two hundred and thirty bucks a piece easy! They're all limited edition Zelda ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play... Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff. Quantum carburetor? Jesus Morty, you can't just add a sci-fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Looks like something's wrong with the micro-verse battery. Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. It really gets their dicks hard We did it Morty! Now, lets get out of here and destroy this whole universe! Morty, there's nothing dishonest about what we're doing. Now slap on this antenna, these people need to think we're aliens Morty, you gotta flip 'em off. I told them it means 'peace among worlds. ' How hilarious is that! They named a holiday after me. Ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school! [interrupting Beth] Whatever you are asking, the answer is I'm amazing. Can somebody just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't. Man that guy is the Redgrin Grumbholt of pretending he knows what's going on. Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty! That's the difference between you and me: I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't. And we've got about four hours to be "is. " We "isn't. " Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time. Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And away we go! Huh. What do you now, it's working. Oh, shit! What the hell is wrong with you two! I-I mean you four! Good! I'm glad it was painful, you deserve it! I saw you! Y-you're both all over the damn place! We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum fucking wind? Stupid-ass, fart-saving, carpet-store motherfucker. Yeah, sure, I mean, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad, Morty. What? Oh, good job, Morty. Y-you-you killed my best customer, but you saved a mind-reading fart. Oh, yeah? Where's that? Are you goin' on a quest to find "he who smelt it? " Whatever you say you little punk ass little bitch. The first rule of space travel kids is always check out distress beacons. Nine out of ten times it's a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit! One out of ten times it's a deadly trap, but... I'm ready to roll those dice! Don't waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the center of their lives because you're powerful. And then, because they put you there, they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right? Unity! Unity! Unity! I wanna talk to - urp! - Unity, Beta-7! I know it's in there. I know your game, Beta-7! I've met a billion of you, you little on-deck, in the wing, shoulder to cry on! Oh, you're just lovin' this, motherf-! This isn't gonna shake out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hive-minds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm gonna be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here! Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems! We are, Morty! Alright, Beta-Shit-7! You just got saved by the bell, bitch! I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe? Unity! Unity! Unity! I wanna talk to - urp! - Unity, Beta-7! I know it's in there. I know your game, Beta-7! I've met a billion of you, you little on-deck, in the wings, shoulder to cry on! Oh, you're just lovin' this, motherf-! This isn't gonna shake out like you think, pal! Unity's not into other hive-minds! It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm gonna be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here! Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems! We are, Morty! Alright, Beta-Shit-7! You just got saved by the bell, bitch! Aw, geez. Looks like Goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister. Allah euuh... Akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math! If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty. It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside Snuffles' dream. It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like Inception, Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie. No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth. I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior Jerry. If I were you I wouldn't pull that thread. That's why you party? Boy, you really are seventeen. TO GET R*ugghhb*IGGITY RIGGITY WRECKED SOONN Glipglup? You're luck a Trafleforcian doesn't hear you say that. It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. When's the last time you go laid, 'pers? I have a new catch phrase I love my grandkids Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase is "I don't give a f**k" When's the last time you got laid, 'pers? [opens cupboard] "I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me. " [rummages freezer and fridge] Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. I'm not sure you wanna take romantic advice from this guy, Morty. His marriage is hanging from a thread. Jerry, it's your house. Whatever you say it is how it is, but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed. Listen Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people calls "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science. Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. Lot of people don't get that. We're gonna be fine, Morty, relax. I whipped up an antidote. It's based on praying mantis DNA. You know, praying mantis's are the exact opposite of voles, Morty. They mate once and then, you know, they decapitate the partner, it's, it's a whole ritual, it's totally gruesome and totally opposite... there's no love at all... I basically mixed this with a more contagious flu virus, it should neutralize the whole thing, Morty. It'll all be over very shortly. "By the way, I know you didn't ask or anything, but I'm not interested in having sex with you. These serums don't work on anyone related to you genetically. Okay, well, sometimes science is more art than science Morty. A lot of people don't realize that. What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is don't think about it. This serum should counteract the negative effects. Cute. Your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded. Uh Morty, I'm not disparaging the differently abled. I'm stating the fact that if I had used this microscope it would have made me mentally retarded. Well that's retarded. You pass butter. Yeah, welcome to the club, pal. You pass butter. Yeah, welcome to the club, pal. You shot 20ccs of liquid dream killer into my daughter. Cosmic apotheosis wears off faster than salvia. What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? Y-you realize that nighttime makes up half of all time? I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come. But I needed those seeds real bad and I had to give 'em up just to get your parents off my back. So now we're gonna have to go get more. And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty. And you're gonna keep your mouth shut about 'em, Morty. Because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important. And they'll tear us apart, Morty. But if you stick with me, I'm gonna accomplish great things, Morty. And you're gonna be a part of 'em. And together we're gonna run around, Morty, we're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty. The outside world is our enemy, Morty. We're the only friends we've got, Morty. It's just Rick and Morty. Rrrick and Morty and their adventures, Morty. Rick and Morty, forever and forever, a hundred years Rick and Morty, s... things. Me and Rick and Morty runnin' around and Rick and Morty time. Aaall day long forever. All, a hundred days Rick and Morty forever a hundred times. Over and over Rick and Morty adventures dot com W W W dot Rick and Morty dot com W W W Rick and Morty adventures all hundred years. Every minute Rick and Morty dot com W W W hundred times Rick and Morty dot com. They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots! It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. The Machine of Unspeakable Doom will swap your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you've known becomes impossible to grasp. Also, every 10 seconds it stabs your balls. Earth Rick C-1-37, the council of ricks sentences you to The Machine of Unspeakable Doom. Which will swap your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you've known becomes impossible to grasp. Also, every 10 seconds it stabs your balls. Don't break an arm jerking yourself off, Morty. Great, now I have to take over a whole planet because of your stupid boobs. Well obviously Summer it appears the lower tier of this society is being manipulated through sex and advanced technology by a hidden ruling class. Sound familiar? Oh, there we go Summer. Interesting fun fact: uh, Moynihan and Piece of Toast hate each other. Apparently they've got some real creative differences, [after watching a new TV series] Pretty cool, huh Morty? Oh... I don't give a fuck what you think, Jerry! Why don't you ask the smartest people in the Universe, Jerry? Oh, yeah. you can't. They blew up. Oh, great adventure, buddy. Rick and Morty go to a giant prison. You know if someone drops the soap it's going to land on our heads and crush our spines, Morty. You know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that. Hey, Summer, it's Grandpa. I need you to do me a favor. Morty and I are on a planet that's purging. I need you to take down... We're on a planet that's purging, Summer. Purging. We lost our car and my gun and we're in a purge. Yes, I-I need you to take... [exasperated] Oh my god! Hold on. Get Schwifty Hey Jerry, don't worry about it. So what if the most meaningful day in your life was a simulation operating at minimum compl- -exity? Huh. Maybe you're right, Jerry... maybe you're right. Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah, you can't. They blew up. 